Dan: Nope.
Tina Marie: Hello!
Dan: Hello! Hello!
Tina Marie: How are you feeling today.
Dan: I'm good out here in the out here in the sunshine. Get my vitam, get my vitamin d on.
Tina Marie: I don't even know what sunshine feels like anymore, Dan. It's been such a dark, cold, long winter.
Dan: Don't know what a winter's like, so I can't even relate.
Tina Marie: 3 more, years, 3 more, years, 3 more years, 3 more years.
Dan: Indeed details.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Tina Marie: So before I start asking you questions about everything, let me just tell you. Today I played with Grock 3,
Tina Marie: and I gave it.
Tina Marie: Things that I had worked through with deep research and deep seek are one
Tina Marie: ability to extract what was most important
Tina Marie: and extrapolate. Diff refine it, distill it.
Tina Marie: It's that is one of its most valuable things. So
Tina Marie: 80 pages of stuff. Very detailed. Plan.
Tina Marie: That it, anyway, it just yeah.
Tina Marie: Don't even know how to say this also. By the way, my daughter goes to school just long enough to get a sickness and bring it home to me.
Dan: Nice.
Tina Marie: Stupid stomach bug. I had it yesterday, but the good thing is because of all the things I've learned, I'm like, you know, maybe 20% sick of what everybody else is, but it still sucks on my brain.
Tina Marie: anyway.
Tina Marie: But yeah, the the if I could like narrow it down to one thing, it's it's ability to distill what matters most. What's the most powerful thing out of that conversation.
Tina Marie: and then back it up with examples so like this. I have a revenue like a content revenue plan that's mostly automated. That I've been trying to build out. And of course it's iterative on a daily basis because everything keeps updating every day. So I'm just like building it while we're learning, knowing everything's gonna keep changing. And that's okay. Because
Tina Marie: holy crap! This stuff is going fast.
Tina Marie: But
Tina Marie: One thing that all of the other models have failed to do is know what I already know about how fast money can be made on certain types of things and the way that they're they're created, like, for example, tidy cow.
Tina Marie: This little thing that is, you know, it's a calendar plugin that allows you to book calls and take payment, but everybody is selling subscriptions, and everybody, not everybody, but mostly. And that particular service.
Tina Marie: It's subscription.
Tina Marie: So the world is moving to subscription base. And now use case based right with AI tokens. But that sold millions of
Tina Marie: versions of the product at $29. So you know, do that math, and it didn't take very long for it to do it.
Tina Marie: And so what I was trying to do is like, if we're going to build logic, let's build logic with these things. Keeping this in mind, and none of the models could get their heads around that they'd forget it. They wouldn't. Whatever Grok got it in seconds before I even pointed it out.
Tina Marie: It's crazy fast and super good at distilling. So whatever your most complicated thing is that you've done.
Tina Marie: take it, and just copy that entire conversation into Grok and see what it spits out at you.
Dan: Yeah, I saw today. They're releasing in a desktop app for it now, too, or if it's out yet.
Dan: But yeah, they said they're gonna have a desktop app soon.
Tina Marie: Yeah. And right now, Grock, 3 is free to everybody.
Dan: I pay for X, anyway. So I already had it.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: I literally just canceled it the day before. I'm like, I never use this. I'm never gonna use it. Blah! Blah!
Dan: But 6.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Yeah. I don't think they have a desktop.
Dan: I'm sure I'm sure, Elon, I mean the dude makes great shit period, so I'm sure this will be great.
Tina Marie: I mean I've had Paypal, for I don't know how long, and.
Dan: Open AI for a long time.
Dan: I love the open AI guys like he. I'm like, really, Bro, he's like, we'll just build a better platform. I'm like he's going to.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Like that's that's an idle threat.
Tina Marie: Yep.
Tina Marie: yeah. I mean, who else? Like, has satellites going through the sky and has gone to the moon and Mars? And obviously, I mean, yeah.
Tina Marie: that's all.
Dan: Thing about him the other day. It was like one it was. It wasn't him. It was like some other.
Dan: some like tech billionaire type, dude or whatever. And the guy was like.
Dan: I've been in meetings with him, and he's like, you know, what he does. That's really interesting, is he meets with every team once a week, and all he asks them is, what's your biggest problem right now and then he fixes it.
Tina Marie: That's brilliant.
Dan: And I was like, that is really smart. So he's like he just goes in and fixes the biggest problem, helps them think outside the box helps them fix it.
Dan: and then they move on, and he's like, but it's like you knock the it's like this domino effect.
Dan: And then all of a sudden.
Dan: He's like, you know, and they don't have big problems every week. So it's not like it's a huge problem every time. But it's the big. It's the one that they're struggling with the most. And then they just sit there, and that's all they talk about.
Dan: I was like, huh! That's interesting, and I guess he's done that for years.
Tina Marie: I.
Dan: That was like, have you ever seen? This is crazy.
Dan: So
Dan: Tesla's have like this, I'll call it like a Unibody design. So it's like the the it's built on a platform. Basically, if you think about it like that.
Dan: And the way that he got that idea supposedly was, they were sitting in a meeting.
Dan: and there was someone I don't know if it was him or somebody else had like a matchbox, and he was playing with the matchbox, and he flipped it over. And if you look, I'm sure you've seen a matchbox before, but the bottom of a matchbox is like a plate, right? It's like a single. And he looked at it and he goes, why can't we do this?
Dan: And they were like, What do you mean? And he goes? Why can't we just build
Dan: a platform like this? And they're like, Oh, well, I mean, you'd have to build all this tooling. And blah blah blah. And he's like, yeah, okay. But what if we did it?
Dan: And they're like, Oh, well, you know, that would revolutionize revolutionize car manufacturing, because you would eliminate all these other things. But this stuff doesn't exist. And he's like, yeah. But what if it did?
Dan: And it does? It does now.
Dan: and it has completely changed the way cars are built. And now, of course, they're going to start licensing it to other car manufacturers because it cuts out so many jobs, so many steps in the process, and that was all from him, flipping over a matchbox.
Dan: I'm like God damn dude! That is wild.
Tina Marie: Wow!
Tina Marie: That that's crazy. It!
Tina Marie: Yeah, it also he, the personality of it, is crazy. But I had to tell it like, you speak like Elon, very hyperbolic, and you know, like, if you're gonna give me all of these compliments and say, this is brilliant, this blah blah.
Dan: I hate that.
Tina Marie: Yeah, I said you, you need to back it up because you're not serving me by inflating my ego and building my hubris like that's not helpful. So if you want to tell me it's unique, you need to give me comparisons. If you you want to tell me that this, you know isn't done. Then show me all of these things because
Tina Marie: chat. Gbt, 4. Does that? And Grock does that. And I'm like, you know, I could see the benefit of boosting confidence. But I'm like, if you're gonna boost my confidence and drive me into the ground because you took me in the wrong way like, No, thank you. So
Tina Marie: I don't need that. But anyway, it's just. It is interesting to watch the nuance of each of the models and how they perform across speed
Tina Marie: calculations, communication, style, logic, strategy problem, solving the tools that they're aware of how they research like, because I've been doing it every day except Sundays for the last 3 weeks, and it's
Tina Marie: I'm learning a lot by watching how they process. But in that
Tina Marie: I'm also validating. What I know is unique about me. But I'm also knowing that
Tina Marie: that uniqueness bubble begins to
Tina Marie: just shrink very quickly for anybody that is using the models. And I'll so the example is.
Tina Marie: I was trying to come up with a unique name for what I was building and going to Namecheap, and I was going with all these I'm like, there's no way somebody thought of this thought of this thought of this, and because normally, I'm really good at coming up with things people haven't thought of yet.
Tina Marie: and it was getting harder and harder and harder, and a lot of them.
Tina Marie: you know. Some of them had been registered a few years ago, but most of them had been registered within like the last year.
Tina Marie: And also I think that I can. Registry is just cock blocking, basically, because so many of them with like, let's say whatever your name is, and then you go AI instead of.ai.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Like premium. 2,000 3,000 $5,000 Tlds.
Tina Marie: Oh.
Dan: Yeah, the domainers just go out and buy up all the real estate. They're bastards.
Tina Marie: Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, that's been interesting. But for sure, you should take whatever you're like. Most like, holy crap. That was an amazing conversation with AI, and go feed it to Grock 3
Tina Marie: and see what you got.
Dan: I will. I just finished the book, so I'm not editing that again.
Tina Marie: My next question.
Dan: Sorry not happening.
Tina Marie: Alright. So how finish finish like what's next?
Dan: I started. I took the well. Mark and Sean are like reading it, but I'm like
Dan: I don't think they'll have any changes. I mean if the changes will be minuscule, like change sign ins whatever.
Dan: I gave it to this woman that I had found on upwork a couple weeks ago, who like knows? Designer. That's
Dan: so I have, hey?
Dan: Barking up.
Tina Marie: Dumb.
Dan: Zinnia, hey?
Dan: So desk like what is going on? I thought someone was in the yard.
Tina Marie: Oh!
Dan: There's a dog on the stairs next door, like what is happening.
Dan: So anyway, I I found a designer, the chick that knows designer.
Dan: And which is that my buddy, Paul? Software.
Tina Marie: Right.
Dan: And
Dan: I was like, Hey, do you know how to do this? And she's like, Yeah, of course, you know, build a Pdf by just importing your Google, Doc, like I tried it. It was a shit show, I'm like, Oh.
Dan: okay.
Dan: there's no way. And then she's like, Oh, no, you have to like pre-format it, and I was like, great
Dan: do it.
Dan: So I picked a template. She's like, Go in there, pick a template, whatever. So I
Dan: told her I was finished the book. I finished it, and then I went went in and hired her, picked the template. She started doing it yesterday. She's like 5 chapters in, I think.
Dan: And then I sent her graphics and was like, here, just do a version, and then I'll go look at it, or you can pull me in whenever you want. She's like, alright
Dan: Then I spent some quality time with Chat Gpt yesterday.
Dan: and I mapped out the Circle community.
Dan: and I created a spreadsheet for that. And then I found a dude last night on Circle, and I sent him a message and was like, Hey, this is what I need done. He sounds like he knows how to do it, based on his his profile.
Dan: but he hasn't gotten back to me yet, so I might hit up a couple of people. I usually hit up like 2 or 3 people. But I was like, Oh, this guy seems good.
Dan: so then I'll just have him go build out
Dan: the community like, Hey, go, build these circles. Here's the structure.
Dan: This is what I want. Then Eric and I will hook up the paywalls, or or whatever, and go start populating some of the content in there.
Dan: Then we can just start inviting inviting the leads that we're already getting to it.
Dan: Invite the old leads to it, invite the
Dan: bands to it. We'll probably run the book
Dan: after it's done. We'll probably run the book by a couple of these bands.
Dan: But that's it.
Tina Marie: Nice.
Dan: Oh, and I also. I also finished the prop. I just finished it. I finished the proposal for the
Dan: distribution. White label
Dan: Sean's going into. Sean found a couple things. I swore I did it, but I was like man. I guess I only thought about doing it.
Dan: Because it's it wasn't in there. So I edited that the parts that he pointed out this morning so that we can send that off to them
Dan: today.
Tina Marie: Distribution white label.
Tina Marie: Is that the that's not the spotify thing, though right?
Dan: Nope, they do have that functionality which we would get. But it's not as good as what we want. Spotify is still not approved.
Tina Marie: So tell me about finishing the book
Tina Marie: like so did you? Did you do it with chat gpt pro.
Dan: Okay.
Dan: Oh, you know what? I'm gonna disconnect from the Internet. Hold on.
Tina Marie: Okay.
Dan: All right. Say that again.
Tina Marie: Tell me about finishing the book. Did you use chat? Gpt pro.
Dan: I did.
Dan: Yeah, it was like, whatever it was. Okay. I mean, it definitely
Dan: took. I took the stuff that you sent and fed it back into it. I don't think it initially, it wasn't really following it.
Dan: Claude sucked like Claude just kept spitting out bullet lists. I'm like, Oh, my God, these cannot be a book of bullet lists.
Dan: It's like
Dan: this is, and then I'd be like, you're doing it again, and it'd be like, Oh, let me rebalance this with narrative, so I do feel like once I took it all back into Chat, gpt pro or whatever it's called deep. Whatever it did
Dan: it did write it better. And then I used the final book
Dan: to then build out the community structure. I was like, Okay, now, I want to take this book, and I want to do blah blah.
Dan: And it did. It did a good job of that, especially because it was going out like researching circle, and I was like, Hey, how do I do this? Can I do this? Can I do that? And it was able to like get real answers?
Dan: I think it was wrong about a couple of things, but nothing, Major.
Tina Marie: Nice. So okay, so what are you focusing on right now, like.
Tina Marie: over the next week or so?
Tina Marie: So I'm gonna get this. I gotta get a.
Dan: I gotta get these. There's a couple things.
Dan: So it's really interesting. Right? We started doing the meetings with Bobby. And then every Monday it's like, done done done
Dan: for fanflowy. And I'm like, All right, here we go.
Dan: I gotta get like there's
Dan: I'm gonna do it today. But it's I have to define these landing pages for Greg and then get them over to Greg, and then I'll get sods guys to build them and then use.
Dan: I had them build a Facebook C Api app, basically, so that our landing pages can pass custom conversion values back through Facebook. C. Api.
Dan: But in order to get those to work. You have to like, use the code references like, Hey, does it have this div name, or or this button class, or whatever?
Dan: So I'm going to get them the landing pages, and then they'll build them using the correct classes.
Dan: And then the since all our pages are dynamically built, the users never need to edit them. If they want to edit content, they go edit the content elsewhere.
Dan: So if I get them those, then I can.
Dan: I can finalize my testing of like the URL Rewriter which works. But it. It needs some other stuff.
Dan: And then I mapped out.
Dan: I mapped out another app.
Dan: It's like, it's like, basically like a scraper.
Dan: We need to get like bands. Twitter, spotify blah, blah automatically. And there's no there's there's like an Api to get social links.
Dan: But there's no Api to get digital streaming platform links.
Dan: So then I talked to Chat Gpt, and I was like, how would I? I can't figure this out. And it was like, Okay, well, you can use the Google
Dan: Google search. Query, Api
Dan: and I started messing around with it. And it was giving me the prompts or whatever that you've used in the code.
Dan: And it was like 99% accurate. And I was like, okay, well, I use this, and then we have the band
Dan: approve them like, okay, here are the links that we found for you.
Dan: Are these correct?
Dan: And it approves them. Then that will automate this other section of the onboarding.
Dan: And then that also ties into the Ul rewriter.
Dan: So I'm like, okay, if I get the landing pages and the scraper. Then I can finalize the URL rewriter like I
Dan: pretty sure I need to add
Dan: some sort of automation or some sort of
Dan: trigger that will go build, hey? Every time this field is filled in. Go, build that link something like that. But I need to see
Dan: the data, the data needs to exist. And I need to see it. So I can go. Yeah, that's correct.
Dan: Then I can go back to those guys and go, hey? Just add this function, or here's what I want to do. What is the best way to pull this off.
Dan: and it will work and then that'll be done. So that well, that's there's 3 things that aren't done.
Dan: No, those are the 3 things that I want to get done over there.
Dan: Then the the last one is the onboarding, which we don't really need, because everyone's done with you.
Dan: And then we could start to look at the onboarding and be like. All right, let's but there's no rush in completing that, because
Dan: we're not going to be having a diy person for probably 6 months, if ever.
Tina Marie: If ever.
Dan: Yeah, I mean.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Because you want to do done with you mostly.
Dan: yeah, or the the short term. Yeah.
Tina Marie: So does Mom have a website yet.
Dan: We had one. But it wasn't built on basis 2.0.
Dan: So those guys are building the new one right now with the with the podcast pages and stuff. So we sent them. They need some podcast stuff that I sent them
Dan: on Monday. I think.
Tina Marie: What's the due date?
Dan: There isn't 1, because it was just like, Oh, hey! Get that up!
Dan: The book was more important. But now that the book is probably going to be done.
Dan: Then it would be
Dan: I think I think I had Greg do this.
Dan: So then we would build the book funnel on the back end of that mom site. So it needed to be on the new theme
Dan: and then be able to use funnel kit
Dan: so that we could build the book funnel, which I think.
Dan: if I think he designed it. But I'll have to double check
Dan: because the book we need the book funnel to be live when the community goes live, because
Dan: we'll be directing people from the book.
Dan: I mean from the community to the book. So when people come into the community.
Dan: The it's structured around the book. So they'll be like, what is what is this? What is? Step one. Where is this coming from? Like? Oh, it's come from the book. You got to buy the book. If you want to understand the steps.
Dan: Do you want to be in the crew.
Tina Marie: Who is the freaking, most brilliant marketers I see right now. It's the people that make squishmallows. Do you know what squishmallows are.
Dan: I have no idea what a squish mellow is.
Tina Marie: With teenage girls. I'm surprised because they are these stuffed animals, and pretty much every week there is a new one.
Tina Marie: They come and they go, and they're gone, and now they have it in monopoly. They have it in all kinds of things. It is constantly changing. I've never seen stuffed animals change so fast.
Tina Marie: And they are basically shapeless, like fluffy, squishy pillow type things. But they've got all these different creatures with different outfits, constantly changing Dan every month at least, it's probably not weekly, but like so frequently, they are
Tina Marie: completely changing out whole new whole new creations. It's probably going to be some like collectors, things later. But
Tina Marie: yeah.
Dan: It's like a there used to be squishables
Dan: and squishables was similar. But yeah, so they married like Cutesy with Beanie baby.
Tina Marie: Yes.
Dan: Limited, so like Mariel, was super into these squishable dragons.
Dan: and so like you couldn't get the Ice Dragon like the Ice Dragon could not be had until I found it on ebay, and paid way more than I should have.
Tina Marie: Good daddy.
Dan: She still has them all.
Tina Marie: That's yeah. It's wild, anyway. My daughter just sent me a picture of squishmallows on monopoly, and I'm like that's all I can even think about is just the marketing, like it's bonkers, because every week they go to the store and they send me a picture of something new
Tina Marie: they have so many and like you, this is ridiculous. You don't even have room in your room for more stuff.
Dan: I was like Beanie babies. People went crazy for those.
Tina Marie: Yes, but at least they were tiny. These things are, I know that's true.
Tina Marie: Yeah, yeah, anyway. Okay, so
Tina Marie: man, it's just crazy how this the AI infiltrates, and can make things so much faster, like the thing that I've been studying for the last few weeks
Tina Marie: is the
Tina Marie: agents, you know. And some people say agents. And really they're talking about like automations that are basically no more powerful than make.com.
Tina Marie: They're not.
Dan: Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's like a glorified zap. Yeah.
Tina Marie: Yes, that's that's really all that it is. But with the constant speed of iteration and of well, okay, so operator, chat, Gpt operator. If you can't do anything that we go, it's an autonomous agent. It can go do this. It can't do hardly anything.
Dan: No, can't do shit, Eric. Eric played with it.
Tina Marie: Wanted to book your flights or go grocery shopping when you're gonna have to tell it everything, anyway, and you could have got it done faster.
Dan: Right.
Tina Marie: Yeah. So that's where it's at. But we are, for sure on the precipice. So of the autonomous agents that can do something that's useful and productive, because, like, if you could combine what rock understands with the ability to
Tina Marie: write the code inside of a linode server, for example, right? You have your app built. All you have to do is come up with idea and map it out. But you don't really even have to do that. You basically have to just say, choose one like it's nuts.
Tina Marie: but
Tina Marie: to not get too shiny right. And to keep it. Applying to whatever you're actually already building where your other skill sets are just kind of thinking about. What could you leverage
Tina Marie: for mom, or for another 71, even if it's just
Tina Marie: better analytics like looking at the data in a new way and seeing something we haven't seen.
Tina Marie: Whatever kind of opportunities. Maybe there's trends that we think that we figured out, but we couldn't really get it before that type of thing.
Tina Marie: That's something I think, that we should be considering as we're as things keep evolving.
Dan: Oh, yeah, sure.
Tina Marie: Better understand what we already know and what we're already doing.
Dan: Right. I mean, we use the I mean the we launched all the Delphi
Dan: things for all the sections, sections of the exam like a week ago, or something.
Dan: Okay.
Dan: no one has that. No one's using AI in the space. I guess someone else is Beta testing it right now. But we already launched one
Dan: done.
Tina Marie: Oh, okay, so you've got you've got the things that you're planning on. How is like, do you perceive any bottlenecks in what you're working on?
Tina Marie: Feel like.
Dan: No. So next I I did my little
Dan: I got my my trick move where there's a software called.
Dan: I think it's called open, audible.
Dan: So it's it's free. You download it, you log into Amazon, and then it accesses all your audible bugs.
Dan: and then it converts them to Mp. 3. And then I feed that into descript and descript
Dan: creates a transcript of the whole thing.
Dan: So I'm gonna I did that with 100 million offers yesterday or Mosey's book. And now I just haven't learned the book, and then I go in and go. Hey?
Dan: Based on his, you know. Lead magnet. Blah! Blah! What lead magnet should I make for mom
Dan: for fanfloy, and just see what it says. So he's got like the 4
Dan: we'll call it quadrants. I don't know if he actually calls that. I think he does, actually. But it's like the 4 quadrants of
Dan: promotion, right? Which is nothing new, but it's like it's cold outreach, affiliate.
Dan: paid ads. And there's another one. I don't know what the other one is. But same idea. I'd be like, okay.
Dan: I'm doing this right? So right now, we have
Dan: affiliates. That's where most of the
Dan: affiliates. And then we have that one lead thing coming in. Those are the 2 main sources of
Dan: bands right now.
Dan: I had developed this cold outreach idea. But it was like.
Dan: well, it's not that, it's labor intensive. It really wasn't. I wasn't doing it. I think it was costing 40 cents a record
Dan: which, now that I say this out loud, if we're paying 50 cents for a lead from a band.
Dan: But they're pro. They're actually a lead. These are not leads. So it's like, if I go the cold outreach route.
Dan: What's my conversion rate? Right? If my conversion rate
Dan: at 40% at 40 cents to create a record, not a lead.
Dan: and then I start contacting those leads. What is the actual rate in which
Dan: they respond? They do anything I don't know.
Dan: but I think I have them.
Dan: I think I had them.
Dan: They created at least a hundred records, but it might be like 300, but I think some of them were incomplete. I think I looked at the data, and I was like, Oh.
Dan: a real record should be this. So I'll go revisit that. I actually just texted this guy because I was like, Hey.
Dan: there's browse. AI, which is like this thing that goes out and browses the Internet for you. It looks like you could
Dan: take a browse AI and break it into like multiple bots.
Dan: So I just sent it to him. And I was like, Hey.
Dan: can you look into whether or not we could automate the the process that we did on this project, which was.
Dan: you go to Google and you do a search for
Dan: I forget what the search is, but it's like a custom search using the search operators. And it's like.
Dan: has Instagram in the thing and has gmail in the in the thing, and mentions band or music.
Dan: and what it does is it pulls back search results that are bands, profiles on Instagram with their Gmail address listed in their profile.
Dan: So I had them do that. And then I said, Okay, great. Now, I want you to go from there, find their spotify, and then get this data.
Dan: So then we could cold outreach from Mark, saying, Hey, such and such band! I was checking out your latest song on spotify, or I think we grabbed the latest song on spotify. Let's just checking out your song. Blah blah! Oh, we also grab last time they posted on Instagram.
Dan: and then it's the latest song and the date so we could look at them and go. Are they active at all? Are they active on social? Are they active on spotify? And then you could sort of lead, score them, and then see if those scores have any meaning.
Dan: But then put it into like Gmass and have it emailing from Mark Rivers. Hey? I was just checking out your spotify. Saw you on Instagram blah blah, and then make them some sort of pitch. Pitch them the book, pitch them. The community, like probably the community.
Dan: make it free. And then what's the result of that? Right? So
Dan: go deeper into affiliates and then try a cold email thing. We're already kind of doing ads. And then I forget what the 4th one is and be like. Well, what's the 4th one?
Dan: And then
Dan: go see which ones work. See? Once to go deeper into Mark's like we need to go to trade shows. I was like no fucking way.
Tina Marie: No.
Dan: There's no way we're doing that.
Tina Marie: I mean they can go. You don't have to go.
Dan: We got. I'm not paying for that.
Tina Marie: Right?
Tina Marie: Yeah. So speaking of paying like, how long have you been building things on basis and with them? And it's not been making you money, or at least not enough to even break even yet right on any of it.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: So do you? I mean, I I know that another 71 pays your bills. And technically, this just kind of creates almost like a tax protection because it's bleeding so bad. But
Tina Marie: do you have kind of a okay drive towards the revenue plan?
Dan: I'm just going all in on Fan flowy and distro flowey like, I don't even care about basis anymore.
Dan: Like I use it like, there's maybe the opportunity to like do something there with Joe and heather. But I'm not.
Dan: I'm not pushing it. We're gonna build the podcast sites. I think we're Gonna, put the podcast stuff on wolfer site because
Dan: they were asking about it. And I was like, Oh, yeah, no, we've got it. We just never implemented it.
Dan: And then we'll use the podcast on our own site. And then we might still rebuild Joe's site after we get these up.
Dan: And then it's like, there's a there's a company called Pod Pages, or whatever.
Dan: Supposedly they have, like 30,000 users, right? So it's like.
Dan: it's like a basic website builder. But if you're going to turn your
Dan: podcast. Into a business, you need additional functionality like it needs to be using activecampaign. It needs to be using, you know better tracking and all that crap. So it's like, Okay, well, if you've got 30,000 people paying $30 a month, how many can you get to pay 300. How many podcasts are there like Joe?
Dan: That will get it right. And you pay 300 bucks a month.
Dan: There's some degree of those, but it would all be sort of
Dan: dependent on whether Joe and Heather want to do it, and then I was supposed to go out to lunch with them to talk about it, but I was sick.
Dan: so it never happened.
Dan: So we got to reschedule that
Dan: and then I've you know, I'm using basis like they just gave me back that car accident or the car report finder for Mark like I just got it right before I jumped on this call so like once they were able. Once they were like, Oh, you need that. They were able to build it in like 2 days. I was like, sweet.
Dan: So yeah, and I'm using it for mom.
Dan: because that can't be built on high level.
Tina Marie: Okay. So basis doesn't
Tina Marie: basis doesn't have the required role of you have to make us money anymore because the basis creates the foundation for the things that does make you money.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, I used it. We're using it on all the ninja sites.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Right like I'm still you.
Dan: I mean, I had that realization like 2 years ago. I'm like, Oh, if I can just use this for me, and get what I need out of it.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Which I did, and then the the another, the ninja subscription thing.
Dan: It's just like killing it. And I'm like, Oh, my God! Like we? I haven't even
Dan: I mean, it looks like it's increased new customers per day like 4 or 5 a day.
Tina Marie: I'm like easy.
Dan: I know. So it means the goal that I set is already been met.
Dan: So on Monday they're like, what are we going to do, and I go. We can't do anything. We shouldn't do anything like.
Dan: It's like looking a gift horse in the mouth. I'm like we just need to let this ride
Dan: for 90 days, right? We're halfway through it.
Dan: and then we'll have some idea of what it really looks like. But as I pointed out to them on Monday. I'm like, if we if we're getting 4 more customers a day. Now.
Dan: this is our low season. That means that number is going to go up even more. So I'm like, how do we set a target for growth when we don't even know where we are? And it's not that we, and we don't know where we are, because we can't. We can't possibly know, because it hasn't happened yet.
Dan: So like if we did something we'd never know if it worked, because we're doing something, and it is working. And the something that we're doing is not done being done, even though we're done doing the work.
Dan: The the offer has not reached maturation right? It's like it doesn't mature until the summer, because that's our high season.
Dan: So there's nothing we can do we? There's all we can do is wait.
Dan: and it won't hurt us, because it's working.
Tina Marie: I'm trying to see what Stacey.
Dan: Bobby was like, you do realize that we entered this year with the most subscribers ever I'm like, I absolutely realize that
Dan: this is on. We're on part of the best year ever.
Dan: and I'm like I did not necessarily see this happening like I figured it would work, but I mean there was no way to know, and and it did, but there's no way to know to what degree it worked.
Tina Marie: Right.
Dan: And then you got to deal with.
Dan: Well, what's the Ltv $187 subscription? Well, I hate to break it to you, but you're not going to really know that for a year.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Do you know, if they finished car accident report finder.
Dan: Oh, that's what I just said. Yeah, they just released it to me like this morning, an hour ago.
Tina Marie: I missed the domain part of it.
Dan: Oh, yeah, yeah, no, I said the I said, I didn't say the right domain.
Dan: Oh, okay. I was like, Wait, exiting quote, or whatever. Yeah, okay. But the
Dan: was the thing they were able to once they were like, Oh, shit! You need that. They were able to build it like 2 days.
Tina Marie: Because of basis and the way it's been built.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Crazy and awesome.
Tina Marie: So I'm just
Tina Marie: okay. I have so many thoughts. And I kind of want to sit with them. But also, we're having a conversation. I'm just thinking about. Another 71, and wondering. But don't answer yet. You know how much time you're spending on that, knowing that so much is set in place, and has a system that you don't really have to spend a lot of time of it. I don't think.
Dan: None. I can answer that easy. None.
Tina Marie: And then and then mom, is the current
Tina Marie: puzzle to solve on a marketing level, on a on a tech level. And then you get to make music like it feels like Mom could just fill up your time with anything business wise, even still, even with it, the
Tina Marie: the AI and the technology that that basically one problem getting solved or one puzzle getting solved leads to an opportunity for refinement that can last all year long, no matter what's happening, because there's just so much to build and learn and iterate
Tina Marie: because at 1st I was thinking, oh, well, I mean, it's all going so well, you probably started something else if you wanted to. But would you want to.
Dan: I do not want to.
Tina Marie: Yeah, I mean.
Dan: I'll I'll help like I'll help people and talk to people. But I'm not. Someone asked me the other day. Oh, do you want it.
Dan: Do you want to do this? What's your level of interest in being involved? And I said, 0.
Tina Marie: They're like, okay. But I said, you want to ask me questions about it. Feel free right now.
Tina Marie: Okay. But to do and build things with Mark that takes time.
Dan: Oh, I'm not doing that.
Dan: That's not happening. I'm gonna get.
Tina Marie: 5.
Dan: I don't even see that is.
Dan: I do not like that idea. I don't think it's a good idea.
Tina Marie: I think you should tell him that I think you should just tell him I'm not interested in this.
Dan: Well, no, I think it will. Can work for him, and that's what we're doing. We're implementing it in suite law. And that's my argument like, let's see if it even works for you.
Dan: Right? It's like, there's you. You say, this is a problem for you. Okay, great.
Dan: Let's see if this makes things better. Let's see if it works. That's all well and good.
Dan: But I don't know. It's like.
Dan: you know. Is it a solution in search of a problem. I'm like, I don't know that that many people have this problem or care
Dan: care enough to do it right. You're talking about people that don't even follow up with their leads.
Dan: They're gonna sit there and nurture their network. Nope.
Tina Marie: It's interesting because I watched a Youtube video yesterday and the guy asked, Chat, Gpt and perplexity come up with a plan that gets me from 0 to 10 million arr in a year.
Tina Marie: We're in 3 years, or something like that. And the one of the main plans that came up with was building something almost identical to Touchbot.
Dan: Yeah, I don't know why it would pick that. I mean, what is that even based on how? How did it? What data did it tap into that says, Build that.
Tina Marie: Yeah, I don't know, because they didn't share all of that. But I thought that that was fascinating, that they thought that that was an untapped market, because you know that they're not having conversations like that. And about that.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, there's no way to build it with high level. So that then you're talking about doing like ground up software development. No, thanks.
Dan: Nope.
Dan: Not interested.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: Like, can't trust Norio, so it's like, I don't really have a developer I can trust.
Dan: And there I'm I'm not about to go find one.
Dan: And I'm like, Yeah, no.
Tina Marie: Well with with the AI tools that you have with the fact that you're basically in a mode of
Tina Marie: maintenance with your primary revenue generator, another 71.
Tina Marie: And, mom, you have a, you have a whole team. You have a simple plan. The iterations on there. What do you think is the benefit for you and I talking. I like it, and I want it to happen. But I don't. I don't. I want to know that there's use that still works for you, for our conversations, because most of the things that we work on, I mean, like, I can share all the things that I'm working with, and it will
Tina Marie: spark some idea that you'll go and multiply a million times over. But
Tina Marie: I don't know, you know, like what we started with has changed so much.
Tina Marie: How have you thought about that recently? Huh?
Dan: It's shocking. Things have changed that much over many years.
Tina Marie: I know almost.
Dan: So like I got the site right. Site looks good for Mark. If I can go generate leads this way, and like help, Mark make more money
Dan: doing what Mark does like to me. That's a better outcome of like that relationship, certainly
Dan: in a in a short term fashion.
Dan: And then it's like, I mean, this is literally what I was thinking the other day. I'm like, if Mark wants to make money with me, I'll be like Bro. Just fucking. Buy this catalog. We need investors for this music catalog. Give me money to buy this catalog, and you'll be a investor in that right? It's a Salco's like dude. I'll throw money at that. This is this is such a cool idea, and I go. I know it's like some.
Tina Marie: Thank you.
Dan: Tool that you can do.
Dan: So. It's like, if Mark wants to make money like, just make it passively like, I think that's where we all should be is like making money passively right? So
Dan: it's like.
Dan: And then, if you I think the neck and and that's like shifting into
Dan: the idea of buying an asset instead of building it.
Dan: And it's like.
Dan: you know what? At this stage of the game? That's the move. No more building. It's buying.
Tina Marie: Well be, especially because you can apply the same type of logic that Elon does, which is, go in and be a puzzle solver that other people can't be.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: And then and then it's like you bring. If you have the fan flow in the distro Flowey, like you own the puzzle, you own. The you own the solution like it's like, Hey, here's this, I solved the puzzle that you're trying to solve. Here it's solved
Dan: like, come in and do this, and then you go. And oh, here's a strategy to grow your music career
Dan: through this community or whatever.
Dan: And then, yeah, you can sign artists, and you can buy catalogs like which that stuff's already starting to have, like all the things that I thought were
Dan: possible
Dan: are already happening. So I'm like, okay, I really just need to get this white label deal close that I'm gonna send over today. It's really not a lot of money. And I'm like, okay. So here I am. I'm not good.
Dan: like, those guys wanted to build distribution software. I was like, no way, there's no way we're doing that.
Dan: And then then Sean found this, which is great, he's found a couple right, but this seems to be the a good fit.
Dan: And then the other day he was like.
Dan: well, you know, we're going to be paying them like 30 grand a month if we get to such and such a level, you know. At that point, we probably should think about building our own software. I go exactly
Dan: at that point. You consider building your own software.
Dan: I was like, which is exactly what I did in my company. We license software for years. We built up the brand. We built up the audience, we built up the customers, and then we would have just kept going except they yanked the license and they forced us to develop our own software. But I'm like in this scenario. Yeah, if you're making 30 grand a month off this white label, and you reroute some of that money into developing your own software, it's a done deal.
Dan: and then you could make it. Do you know, by that point we'll know all the
Dan: issues, things that we would customize.
Dan: whatever you want to call it.
Dan: So yeah, it's like.
Dan: I'm I'm not gonna do anything new. And like, I'm curious to see if I can get leads through this
Dan: report site. Now, now that I've got it.
Tina Marie: Well, do you still feel like I can add value to refining and what you're doing in your plan? Or do you feel like that's something that you're probably moving out of.
Dan: I mean.
Dan: Talk to me in 6 months.
Tina Marie: Now.
Dan: I mean.
Tina Marie: It's gonna be so different in 6 months.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
Dan: I don't know. I mean, it's like.
Dan: Yeah, I do think there's a benefit to these conversations, because you asked me things no one else asked me right? Other people other people like borderline suck up to me. And I'm like, Yeah, that doesn't really. I don't know who you're doing that for.
Tina Marie: Pop.
Dan: It's certainly not for me.
Dan: But it's like, yeah, it's
Dan: I don't know. I mean, things are
Dan: coming together on all the fronts that I want.
Dan: and I mean, I look at Fanflow, and I'm like, Oh, dude! This is like on the exact same path as Ninja now like. Oh, what a coincidence!
Tina Marie: Yeah, right? But who's behind it?
Dan: Right. And it's like, Yeah, I had to go all those years, or whatever doing the wrong thing. But I you know I don't look at any of that as wrong.
Dan: And it's like, you know, I'm very much things happen in their own time.
Dan: Yeah, I mean, today, I was like, I just need to
Dan: when I tell myself that I want to go, do XY or Z. I'm like, I just need to go to the gym.
Dan: That's what I.
Tina Marie: Yeah, yeah.
Dan: Just put time in there and then, if I have energy or mental whatever, I should just go direct it
Dan: like basically internally.
Tina Marie: Yeah, but but externally, yes, I like that plan.
Tina Marie: it's crazy. May will be 8 years.
Dan: I know it is kind of crazy.
Tina Marie: Especially because we were Facebook friends for before that for years.
Tina Marie: and just anyway, but also just looking at the pace and the trajectory of everything is fascinating. But one thing I want to do and start started doing a couple of weeks ago with everyone
Tina Marie: kind of internally, is running the transcripts through AI to extract tasks, and I can do that well. I had to do it because nobody else had project managers, and they just need their homework right? But you have a project manager, so I can send stuff straight over to Stacy. But what I'd also like to do what I wasn't doing before is analyzing like we don't always have the same level of conversations with strategy. But for the most part our conversations. There's a lot of Dan strategy that comes out that
Tina Marie: I capture some of it, but not enough
Tina Marie: cause. I know that we'll go back, and I'll be like, well, you were talking about this whatever. But so now, if we have the Transcript and keep the Transcript
Tina Marie: and feed the transcript into one of whatever agent I'm using. Right. If you're okay with that, that's why I'm asking. Then we can go back and say, You know, what? What have we not been talking about that we talked about before. That we should be working on, or we need to circle back to, or whatever, so that we can extract even more out of the conversations than our brains can do on our own.
Tina Marie: And I think that I don't know. I think I think that iterative power grows exponentially when we
Tina Marie: handle it that way right? Because because there's just too much like there's too much that either I'll say as an idea, or you especially you and our calls.
Tina Marie: We'll work through something, and I feel like it.
Tina Marie: It it either dies on the vine or the power that was behind. It was something that just came to you in that moment was so clear in that moment. But the notes aren't captures good enough for you to even recall it in in its essence. If that makes sense.
Dan: Well, we just did that.
Tina Marie: I know that this exact.
Dan: I literally was like, oh, I never thought about it like this.
Tina Marie: Right? Right? Which is because that was one of the things I'm thinking. Okay, this is one I need to turn back to Dan and go like these are all the things that you just talked about, you know, and and.
Dan: Yeah. And I don't think I ever
Dan: right. As you know, I mean, I tend to have these ideas that they're only within myself. Right. So like, I never explain to someone. Oh, I see this whole cold, outreach thing based off of this scrape that I did that I got from this
Dan: Youtube reel that I saw one day, and I was like, Oh, wait a minute. What if I did? XYZ. But I and I just coincidentally just texted the dude like, Hey, man, I want you to work on this.
Dan: See? So step one is seeing if it can be automated.
Dan: But and then it was also like it wasn't time to do it, because
Dan: there was no book there was like. But all that stuff's gonna be done by the end of the month, like the community will be built. The book should be done.
Dan: the website and sales page should be done.
Dan: And then I'm going to figure out, I've got the couple lead magnets. I'll figure out. I mean, they worked.
Dan: So it's like, okay, in my view, there's like a lead magnet. Essentially, throughout the book. There's probably like 6 or 7 or 8. I just made another one for myself and showed it to Sean. He was like dude. This is awesome. I was like, Okay, I'm going to put that in the book.
Dan: and it could be illegal.
Tina Marie: And it could be what.
Dan: A lead magnet.
Tina Marie: Oh, good!
Dan: We're a resource. It's gonna be something. It's it'll be handy.
Tina Marie: And the other thing is, you know, documenting like
Tina Marie: sops, creating visual flow charts, like all the things that help the team get on the same page, stay on the same page. But then also those types of visuals and things that you can create for your users.
Tina Marie: Anyway, I think I think.
Dan: That's that. No, you're. It's interesting. You say that because that's the the thought that I had last week, I was like, Okay, so we keep bringing these bands on.
Dan: We're gonna have to like. Johnny can only build so many ads.
Dan: And like.
Dan: once we have an understanding of, or I have an understanding right like. No, this is no lie. I have no idea how these bands get into fanflowy. They just start appearing, and I'm like great
Dan: nor do I want to know right? It's like, I don't really need to know that it's I mean, it's very much like another 71 like I don't log into our
Dan: thing like, I've never seen the software. Why would I? Why would I look at that
Dan: here? I have seen the software? But
Dan: But it's like, okay, we're gonna need, like
Dan: we're probably gonna have to. I would imagine the 1st thing. And this is what I'm trying to figure out like listening to them is the 1st thing we're gonna need to outsource
Dan: ad con like making ads. So a band comes on, and then we do the same thing every time, I'm pretty sure.
Dan: So I'm like, Okay, that's a repeatable process
Dan: that that process is not documented.
Dan: And I doubt it's the same every time. As far as like execution steps it should be. It should just be check, check, check check. But I guarantee it's not, and it's certainly not.
Dan: It doesn't exist in that format anywhere.
Dan: But it's like, that's the sort of stuff you're gonna need over there. It's like, Okay, what are we gonna start to automate or or outsource. And then we're gonna need an sop and a hit list. It's like, Okay, the band's on. And then they've the onboarding is complete. Now do this.
Dan: This is done. Now do this. This is done. Now do this.
Dan: And I don't think those guys I don't think those guys are equipped to.
Dan: They've never done that, so it's like
Dan: it. But it's good. That's how I think that's where the bottlenecks will be. It'll be a bottleneck of process, or a bottleneck of people.
Tina Marie: Yes, and it's been a long time since we've had that conversation, but bottleneck bust in was where I got my teeth. I cut my teeth to just
Tina Marie: breaking it open and getting things flowing so but that it's it's interesting to me, too, because it's kind of come full circle that I've started to notice that I'm going back in that direction again, because it's been a lot of building and building and building whereas, like I had gotten started in things that were built but weren't flowing right? Because they needed those fixing. And yeah, anyway.
Dan: Well, it's interesting, right? AI solves like the thinking or the strategic.
Tina Marie: As long as.
Dan: I'm not gonna solve that.
Tina Marie: Here's the thing, though, in order for AI to do that, you have to be able to articulate the issue clearly enough, and guess what a lot of people can't do.
Dan: No, yeah, it's it's I tell people that all the time like it's only as good as the person talking to it.
Tina Marie: Right. But what they don't understand is that.
Dan: Yeah, I know.
Tina Marie: That component of it like. How often people struggle to even define what an issue is, or describe what the situation is, which is one reason I keep trying to teach my girls and everybody else is understand language. People keep trying to dumb everything down like your copywriting needs to be simple, so simple that a 12th grader can do it. Now. Now, 6th grader, now 3rd grader like, I'm not gonna dumb down for anybody. If you have to go look something up, go look something up.
Tina Marie: But I don't want to attract people that can't understand those words, because the reason I use them
Tina Marie: isn't because I want you to think that I'm so smart. It's because of the precision of the word.
Tina Marie: There are some words that when you try to string other words, together they lose their meaning. They lose their nuance. And there are, you know, and we know this about different languages. Right? They've got single words that mean entire phrases in English like. And they're like, I don't even know how to put it in English, because you guys don't have the words for it, and they just have one word, and it means all the things I'm like that's mind blowing to me. But anyway, to the point of
Tina Marie: the ability number 1 1st to comprehend, and then the ability to articulate it. I think AI is going to dumb people down right. They will be more regurgitators, which they already have been parrots. Right? I heard something, I repeated. I heard something, I repeated. But what's missing in the middle layer? Which is essential is the comprehension.
Tina Marie: and then the ability to articulate it in their own words. It's going to be like this self-feeding cesspool
Tina Marie: in January.
Dan: Would be.
Tina Marie: Yeah, well, I don't think it will entirely. But I think that what I mean, I guess, basically, is that there will always, or at least in the near, foreseeable future, be a place for cerebrals for people that not, you know, in the in the day we had they were philosophers right, but
Tina Marie: just deeper thinkers
Tina Marie: and people who, instead of going tldr is too long. I don't want to read it. Give me the short version, will actually have a conversation of depth and nuance that can zigzag, and that can take, you know, 30min to go full circle to come back to something. But because you did that you built this whole verbal perimeter around an image that is now contained inside of the story that you just expressed.
Tina Marie: And now the fullness has been built
Tina Marie: visually because it was built verbally, which means it can now be built physically right in the real world, because somebody could express it. And I don't think that that is something everyone can do. I think it's a few people. I think it's more and more people, maybe, or maybe it just seems like it because
Tina Marie: of algorithms. And we're attracted to each other.
Dan: No, it'll be. It's you know. It's like
Dan: a certain subset of people will be able to leverage it in a in a way that other people can't.
Dan: And then that's gonna be us Bruh period end of story right?
Tina Marie: Yeah.
Dan: And it's like all these dummies like
Dan: making their AI, this and AI that. And I'm like these are all just glorified zaps that like.
Tina Marie: That's what they are.
Dan: Yeah. And they're not solving a problem that someone I'm telling you right now. The problem to solve is, give me the ability to make my own dedicated Gpts. I would easily pay 200 bucks.
Tina Marie: I figured that out. I figured that out. That's that's what I'm building. When I've built mine I'll show you. But it's a library. What's hold on to go see what.
Dan: I had. I had it figured out, I'm like, I'm not gonna build this.
Dan: I should. I should just outsource it. I should just find someone and go, hey, this is how I think it could be built. Build it.
Tina Marie: Did you get Clarence? Thank you so much. I love you.
Tina Marie: I mean, I love you. But that hold on one second.
Tina Marie: are you are, you guys, are you leaving? Yeah, can I have a hug?
Tina Marie: Okay, dude? I asked for no tomatoes on my crunch wrap. They put extra tomatoes, and I didn't even put the second tortilla on it, so just bored. It's rude. I think we should go get another crunch wrap later. I don't even. I don't even want to try. I should have just gotten a case. I miss playing games with you. We haven't played games for like over a week, maybe something. Okay. I love you.
Tina Marie: Bye, bye, you could just leave the door open. I'm almost done.
Tina Marie: They'll they'll scratch at the door eventually, if I close the door. Hudson is like. Let me in.
Dan: Hey! Hey! Hey! No!
Tina Marie: Speaking of dogs, no.
Dan: Quiet.
Tina Marie: Okay, so hold on. Let me see if this was the one, anyway.
Tina Marie: basically, because I've been talking to freaking all of these ais forever about not being able to get somebody to like an AI to write like me. And the biggest issue is because they can't support a big enough library to understand so much of the nuance like it. Take, it will take them a lot to recognize any kind of my patterns. And basically they're just gonna have to repeat them because they can't use.
Tina Marie: They're too common. My analogies are incredibly uncommon. And I didn't even know that or think about that until I was trying to go through this process right? It wasn't like I'm so special. But
Tina Marie: anyway, let's see, chroma. dB, it's a database plus lane chain plus Gpt. 4 and Claude.
Tina Marie: But then I got an iterative. Anyway, I'll build it if you can go hire somebody to do it. But I would bet you that what I'll do is going to be better than what somebody else would do for you potentially.
Dan: Where.
Dan: So the chroma dB, is, where you're gonna load your blobs, or whatever.
Tina Marie: I think so. I think that's the database where we're going to put in. I haven't ran it through Grock yet to see if it has a better thing, so it's a combination of pine cone, chromadb, lane chain, and then gpt 4 or cloud. But it may be grok now and then fast. Api.
Tina Marie: so it's separate system. Api, that base with fast Api, and then for a faster one. Never mind. That's that's the the variation. So, yeah, that's that's the system.
Dan: Yeah, yeah.
Tina Marie: Yeah, I think I I ended up.
Dan: With like using Google docs
Dan: because it was like, Oh, yeah, no. Pine cone is not going to cut what you're trying to do. It's eventually gonna fail on you. And I was like, okay. And then it directed me to using Google Docs. And then the Google Docs would be each.
Dan: I forget what the word is. It's not blob, but
Dan: the Google, Doc would be each chunk.
Dan: And it's like, Yeah, you you can create your chunks in Google Docs.
Dan: And then you would have like a spreadsheet that says.
Dan: Hey, this chunk title is associated with this
Dan: Gpt or this idea? Right? So if I had songwriting as one, and then dan as another one like or business, you'd have a
Dan: spreadsheet that acted like the database. And then, when you said, Hey, I want to work on a song.
Dan: You know. Tap into the
Dan: you could either tap have a tap into the whole thing, but it was like, no, you'd never be able to tap into the whole thing. But what you could do is say, Hey, I want to write a song using the cut up method. And then, and you're like last session would also exist as a chunk, so you could like even reference, your last section. But all your stuff is there? But it was like there's a limit to how much you can ask it to access at one time.
Dan: So they're like you could have all kinds of stuff there and then, if you tell it, which chunks, you want it to use, it, will. And I was like, Okay, that's interesting.
Tina Marie: So to that point. Well, 1st of all, the reason I didn't use Google Docs because it did suggest, that is like, I'm trying to avoid all the big like Meta Google
Tina Marie: at whatever they've.
Dan: Guys.
Tina Marie: Anyway. Yeah, I was. I was. I was pretty much trying to do that because I do
Tina Marie: whatever I'm tiny and insignificant. But my thought process is just enough distinct that I'm like, what whatever but so to the point of separating the agents and the roles, I think that that is the key point. So what we can't do with people as much because of cost, right? We can do with agents.
Tina Marie: So like, I have a business strategist slash CEO, coo a content copywriter, a a researcher, right? But the researcher reports to the business strategist. So it does. The research for marketing. It does the research for content content? For competition, things like that. Then there's a content writer, and then there's a copywriter, and there and then
Tina Marie: a Cfo and a Cmo. But and also a sales agent. So they're all and I, I actually want to get more granular so that we have
Tina Marie: agents reporting to agents as long as that actually works. And they don't lose information.
Tina Marie: So that we've got basically like the the C-level team.
Tina Marie: And then they've got teams that report to them so that they're not getting bogged down with too many tasks.
Tina Marie: But each one is doing a specialized task and reporting the progress, the content, the issues up the chain, and seeing. I don't know if it works better or worse that way. But I think
Tina Marie: that, based on what I know just about electronics and segmentation and everything else on a coding level. I think that it would work better that way. I don't know how fast, or whatever. But
Tina Marie: anyway, so I'm starting.
Dan: This.
Tina Marie: Colors.
Dan: This like is any of this desktop, or it's all like a web app.
Tina Marie: It's neither. So right now it's all being built. So it can be local on my machine built in python through the terminal, but
Tina Marie: I want to be able to access it from either machine, and I also want it to be faster. I don't have the server type of hardware that I want to have. So I'm using Linode instead. But then it should be able to be, and I don't know if Linode can do it, or if it has to be an external package. But I know that there's something that can help me create it into a package that can make it a desktop installer.
Dan: Gotcha.
Dan: Yeah, I don't know. I don't know, Jack, about that.
Tina Marie: Because what I also know is, if I can build this for me, then I can either sell, and it would be separate than mine, right? Total, different data. So mine can't be corrupted. But either interface access to it as a software, as a service
Tina Marie: or you know, a standalone package, and it's a it's something that people use and and do themselves
Tina Marie: have access to themselves, you know, on their own desktop or whatever. But anyway, the 1st thing.
Dan: Like the ultimate.
Tina Marie: My own problem.
Dan: And brain.
Tina Marie: Yeah, but specifically trained around business. And specifically in business, trained around fundamental concepts. Right? We are not the grinders. We are not making money for the sake of money like there's a set of parameters and values that rule
Tina Marie: and that
Tina Marie: because of that, the output and the guidance that is received is going to be of a particular kind of quality. Right? So the person that wants to go make a billion dollars like making porn videos of kids not going to want my stuff, and people that want to create addicting softwares and gambling things are not going to want this stuff because it's not going to give them that plan. But people that want to, you know you know what I mean, like trying to segment and keep.
Dan: Well, yeah, I mean, what would be what would be super interesting is to like, have it so that you could
Dan: second brain yourself. Right. So you're like, Hey, I can build this second brain around me. And then I could.
Dan: I could
Dan: subdivide that right because we're not right. Even you would never want just your brain right? Or your brain is really just a bunch of different pieces. Right? There's the music part of your brain. There's the mom, part of your brain. There's the the, you know, religion, part of your brain. So you could, you'd build separate ones of that. And then
Dan: together, they're your brain right, because that it would see the commonalities with way you speak and think.
Tina Marie: Actually already seen that, and put Jesus Christ at the center of all of my business stuff.
Dan: Right? Yeah, then you have like, so that's the the main thing. You're selling the second brain thing. But then you give people the ability to tap into
Dan: either other people's brains if they wanted, or
Dan: other people's realm of expertise. Right? So if I wanted a
Dan: music theory thing, I would just pay an extra dollar a month to also access the music theory. Brain.
Tina Marie: Well, but then you get whatever
Tina Marie: copyright stuff unless we're talking about. What's it called.
Dan: No, no, but it's like they're they're no, no, they're putting it on the platform, and then you're paying them a rip.
Dan: right? So it's.
Tina Marie: Oh, yeah.
Dan: Right. So it's like you're you're licensing it.
Dan: But they've put it on your platform to be licensed.
Dan: So it's like they could get 10,000 people paying a dollar a month.
Dan: and then you're getting a rip of it, and they're getting a rip of it, or whatever.
Tina Marie: I think. Ultimately I want to build, you know, for a few years and and capitalize on this time that has never existed is never going to exist again. There may be a version, right? Because basically, when the Internet went high speed, that's what I compare this to right now.
Tina Marie: and that.
Dan: Yeah. Oh, yeah, it's Wild West, all right.
Tina Marie: But so for a few years, and just really capitalize on it, milk it for all I can get. The millions that I know that I can get. But then take that basically top out, sell out, take those, and let my money work for itself. Reinvest. Use my brain, you know, to be a a solver right in other people's businesses. And just so I don't. I don't need a ton. But I just wanna I want to keep learning. I want to get my doctorate in psychology. Phd.
Tina Marie: I wanna do stuff like that. So.
Dan: You know what's interesting that I ever thought about? It's like you always hear about
Dan: in sci-fi. It's like, Oh, and then we're gonna be able to upload our consciousness. But it's like.
Dan: really right now in
Dan: you could upload. It's not really your consciousness, but it is a version of you, right. So I was just thinking like
Dan: God. If Elon launched like Elon, bought and charged a buck a month to talk to Elon, he'd crush it.
Dan: It would crush.
Dan: But it's not just him. There's lots of people that could do that, I mean, that's what Delphi's whole angle is.
Dan: but it's only as good. It's only as good as how it it takes in the data and is able to give you an answer that like, that's the issue you're running into. Right? It's like.
Tina Marie: And also your ability to wrap your head around it. So, for example, so we would take these tests and my reading comprehension level was 98 percentile. And I never like really thought about that until later on in life, when I'd hear people say, well, I never had that thought before. It never occurred to me, but they're talking about thoughts that I have all day, every day, and it's never.
Dan: That it's a valid point. Yeah, it would almost. It would almost have to quiz them after like, do you understand? Do you? Are you understanding what I'm saying, and I would have to.
Tina Marie: Have to teach them line upon line to even build, because they would physically be building their neural network. They, that's what happens when we learn. So let's say somebody's got, let's say, and these are not the real numbers, right that somebody's born, and they've got a thousand neural connections. Somebody else is born, and they've got 10,000 neural connections. That's a physical difference of comprehension.
Tina Marie: They can't change that, but they can, but they can't do it quickly. So let's say, the person with 10,000 connections, you know, reads constantly and and fills it. Now they've got 10 million. The person with 10,000 or 1,000 connections does the same thing, but they're still, you know, they're 10 multiples behind. They're they're not going to be able to catch up now. They're plugging into an Elon brain. Those connections. There's no there's no nodes to even attach to
Tina Marie: what they're trying to learn. People want to say like there there is no real equalizer. There is no real equality when it comes to intelligent ability. And all these things, which is one of the reasons I'm very grateful for my brain because God gave it to me. I didn't.
Tina Marie: But but anyway but what we can do
Tina Marie: it doesn't matter right, because people I used to say, people just want to be happy. But what I heard. And now what I believe is that people don't. Most people don't just want to be happy. I think elevated people do. But most people want to escape pain. They're not thinking about being happy. They're thinking about escaping pain.
Tina Marie: So that's 1 element of it that you have to think in like in terms of when you're marketing, and they say, don't sell them what they need, give them what they want, sell them what they want, give them what they need, because what they want is to not hurt in the way that they're hurting at the moment, whereas, you know Maslow's hierarchy, people that have elevated up on that pyramid.
Tina Marie: they they want more. And so all of that comes into account, too, and is relative to what we build for ourselves and what we build for other people, and being able to identify who those people are, and remembering that
Tina Marie: when we think we're building something. Of course they're going to want it. You're assuming that they're working with the same things that you have, including the neural networks, right? Just even the ability to comprehend what you're giving them. And you're you. So many times we've had this conversation. It's like they just don't get it. They just don't get it, I'm saying sometimes they don't even have the.
Dan: Can't get it.
Tina Marie: That's exactly it. Incapable.
Dan: Yeah.
Tina Marie: We don't gotta think about that more often, I think, because
Tina Marie: it also makes it easier to be patient with people sometimes, because how can I hold somebody accountable and and just
Tina Marie: like it seems even mean to say stupid or
Tina Marie: unintelligent? If they are, is it their fault? You know.
Dan: Right? Yeah, it's it's not intentional.
Tina Marie: Right?
Tina Marie: Anyway.
Tina Marie: Another deep dive.
Dan: It hurts stupid stomach bones.
Tina Marie: Alright, sir, I'm gonna.
Dan: Alright!
Tina Marie: To Grok and see what Grok says about Dan's brilliance.
Dan: And okay.
Tina Marie: I'll send it back to you.
Dan: All right.
Tina Marie: We'll talk to you later. Have a good day and go get Jenny some pets.
Dan: Alright!
Dan: Right!